hello girl good
in today's video I'm going to teach I do not know
to do this hairstyle here than for the
summer is very beautiful, it's very beautiful, it's a
trap obtained by fia with
wonder you live the super widow
Supermarket Champion Supermarket
They heard that can also be
any season that is very beautiful and
This braid that we had this is already
in several magazines when she and I
I always went
I thought it was that bug of seven
heads, my god I was very difficult
to do is to have modules is what is one more
these days on the band channel on the
Youtube and I love this place of
me and my child , it's really
easy to grain fills and relax quinho
holding the hair so it's very easy
braid mariola for the summer that stays
pretty
and if you want to know how you did it is
just the pee video that teaches step by step
for you who are good see you now
Unfortunately I thought about my hair well.
hairstyle glad I have because
The first thing we want is a
braid I think the material
I already felt I put in my blog a video
in which I had on the blog normally
O
There you make it until the end is
right
my hair people are very complicated
recognized vilson white and certainly the
time was not given
but go to the male
What I'm going to get
I think
I will learn
to tomtom
who like that an old
normal, now 's what you're going to do.
black type
and put your hand will do
good under the transmac made it you
go grab your fuck and go and roll her
the command is
with the plot go it arrives in that part that is
what board do you learn here in
will start picking up the whites and going
learn
So we have to train well to stay.
very firm and quite large hair
You know
I have a lot of hair
now it worked
the corner, the traffic was this way
that is
back there I do not have a kiss for
to see
but logically you will see table
super easy to do and made and organ
Which looks beautiful, then I want it
Did you like that you have so much
that it will end up pretty cool too
I hope you have enjoyed who
I liked the bottom I have to have the
my channel that down here
a big kiss